Add Harite v2 keyboard (#24975)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/haritev2/readme.md

# Harite v2

5 way switch directional keyboard

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Dane Lipscombe](https://github.com/dlip)
* Hardware Supported: Harite v2 (Cirque trackpad version)
* Hardware Availability: <https://github.com/dlip/harite-v2>

> ## Flashing
> 
> Flash the default layout for testing (each switch should output UDLRC):
> 
> ```
> qmk flash -kb haritev2 -km default -bl uf2-split-left
> qmk flash -kb haritev2 -km default -bl uf2-split-right
> ```
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make haritev2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make haritev2:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
